[extension-selenium] Add possibility to set context without resetting… (#2566)
vividus-framework/vividus: docs/modules/plugins/partials/generic-ui-steps.adoc

Changes the context to an element located by locator for limiting area of subsequent UI interactions.

[source,gherkin]
----

> When I change context to element located `$locator` using current context

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When I change context to element located `$locator` in scope of current context
```
?
